everywhere we go is so beautiful and I
just you know I love traveling and I
love seeing the world but probably my
two favorite places would be a
Switzerland we were there for the world
championships in 2006 and then Cali
Colombia we were there in November just
a beautiful country everybody was so
nice to us and we raced in this little
town it seemed like everybody that lived
there you know moms dads uncles brothers
cousins you know sisters everybody was
coming out to watch and cheering for us
and it didn't matter what country you're
from they just you know we're supportive
of good sport
when you travel to a foreign country you
have to realize that your guests there
you know you're representing yourself
you're representing your team and you're
representing your country and so you
don't want to you know make a fool of
yourself your team or your country when
you're there and you just be respectful
of everybody else you know be respectful
of their culture even if it is different
you know it's just respect the locals
respect their culture and they in return
and will respect you back
I think especially in Paralympics and I
think this is true across most sports is
that everybody knows pretty much
everybody else you know people know
people pay attention to what other
people in other countries are doing you
know training and you know hey you know
my competitor just got married and like
that's cool I'm looking at pictures from
their honeymoon like just all sorts of
stuff and you know we're pretty friendly
you know just good friends and we're not
you know out to sabotage anybody by any
means
is I think kids just have to remember
that you know at one point in their life
they were learning to ride a bike you
know and they had never done something
before and then they tried it now
they're wherever they are
whether it's you know just taking off
their training wheels or adding
no-handed or doing tricks it's they have
to remember that at one point they
didn't know how to ride a bike
it does mean a lot to me you know I have
come a long way in a short amount of
time everything's happened so quickly
and it is every you know every time I
put on this kit it's sort of a reminder
hey you know like you're representing
your country which is it's humbling but
you know at the same time you know it's
sort of the it's sort of a little fire
on your but hey you know you're
wandering the streets that you better
you know you better do it right